---
title: Multifactor Authentication Coming Soon
url: https://pacer.uscourts.gov/announcements/2025/05/02/multifactor-authentication-coming-soon
date: '2025-04-03'
author: linda_melchor
feed_url: https://pacer.uscourts.gov/rss.xml
---
Multifactor Authentication Coming Soon linda_melchor Wed, 04/02/2025 - 22:19 Multifactor Authentication Coming Soon May 2, 2025 On May 11, the Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts (AO) will begin implementing multifactor authentication (MFA) to enhance system security for CM/ECF and PACER. MFA provides an added layer of security to accounts by helping protect against cyberattacks that steal passwords, significantly reducing the risk of unauthorized access. Once implemented, all CM/ECF and PACER users will be able to enroll in MFA. Users with filing and all other types of CM/ECF-level access will be required to enroll in MFA, while users with PACER-only access will have the option to enroll. Implementation Details Users with CM/ECF-level access who do not voluntarily enroll will be randomly selected to do so beginning in August. By the end of 2025, everyone with CM/ECF-level access will be required to use MFA when logging in. NOTE: If using third-party software for filing, users should ensure MFA is supported by that software before enrolling to avoid any disruption in their business processes. Authentication Options Users can download any authentication application (app) that supports a time-based one-time password (TOTP). The AO does not endorse specific apps, however, some options include Authy, DUO Mobile, FreeOTP, Google Authenticator, and Microsoft Authenticator. Before enrolling in MFA, the AO recommends that users research available authentication apps to decide which one will work best for them and then download their preferred app. Additionally, users who are unable to download an authentication app will be able to save one-time use backup codes. Once users have used all their backup codes, they will need to request a new batch. Shared Accounts Filers and other users with CM/ECF-level access who share their account will be able to add up to five authentication apps. In other words, they can enroll up to four other users’ authentication apps in addition to their own. Please continue to check the PACER website for more updates and additional information on MFA. Resources Updated documentation: PACER Authentication API User Guide PACER User Manual PACER QA environment: To ensure scripts work, users can test them in the QA environment at https://qa-pacer.uscourts.gov/ . You must have a PACER account to use QA. To register for a PACER test account, visit https://qa-pacer.psc.uscourts.gov/pscof/registration.jsf . There is no charge for QA searches, so you may skip the credit card portion of the registration. Your QA account will be activated overnight. Learning aids: Multifactor Authentication (MFA) – Authentication Applications : describes the MFA enrollment process by adding an authentication application (app), as well as how to delete an authentication app. Multifactor Authentication (MFA) – Backup Codes : describes the MFA enrollment process by getting backup codes, as well as how to delete backup codes. Multifactor Authentication (MFA) – Logging In : describes the login process after enrolling in MFA, and what to do if you do not have access to your MFA method(s). If you have any questions, please contact the PACER Service Center at pacer@psc.uscourts.gov or (800) 676-6856. The PACER Service Center hours of operation are Monday through Friday 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. CT. Originally published on April 4, 2025.
