---
title: MFA Tips and Resources
url: https://pacer.uscourts.gov/announcements/2026/04/20/mfa-tips-and-resources
date: '2025-08-21'
author: linda_melchor
feed_url: https://pacer.uscourts.gov/rss.xml
---
MFA Tips and Resources linda_melchor Thu, 08/21/2025 - 17:43 MFA Tips and Resources April 20, 2026 Tips Here are a few tips to help you through the MFA enforcement and enrollment process: Prior to enrolling in MFA, you should confirm that the email address associated with your PACER account is correct and accessible. You can check and update your email address in Manage My Account under the Settings tab. You will receive a pop-up notification of the requirement to enroll in MFA when you log in to PACER (see screenshot below). You will not be sent an email regarding this requirement. Image If you use a shared PACER account, it is recommended that you confirm with your colleagues whether the account is used for filing or accessing Notices of Electronic Filing /Notices of Docket Activity. If it is used for one or both of those purposes, it might be helpful to decide how enrolling in MFA will be completed for that account. You will have three opportunities to skip the MFA enrollment process; after the three skips have been used, you will see the User Update Required account access restricted prompt and must set up MFA before proceeding (see screenshot below). Image You may use desktop, web, or browser-based authentication applications (apps) or tools (e.g., web apps, browser extensions, and desktop apps) that support time-based one-time passcode. When logging in, you need to open the authentication app on your device or in your web browser and use the one-time passcode displayed there (see screenshot below and page 2, step 4 of the Multifactor Authentication – Logging In learning aid). You are not sent the one-time passcode by text or push notification. Please note that in many authentication apps the one-time passcode is refreshed every 30 seconds. Image If you use all your backup codes, log in to Manage My Account. When you are presented with the One-Time Passcode prompt, click on the “Click here if you need a one-time passcode” link located at the bottom of the prompt (see screenshot). At that time, you will be presented with one of your security questions. If you respond correctly, a one-time passcode will be sent to the primary email associated with your PACER account, which will allow you to log in to Manage My Account. You can then generate new backup codes or add an authentication app. (Added February 2026) Image MFA issues may occur because time-based one-time passcodes rely on synchronized clocks. Ensure your device's time is accurate and synced. Failure to do so can lead to “invalid code errors.” Refer to your service provider or device manufacturer on how to sync your time. (Added February 2026) A shared PACER account can have up to ten authentication apps enrolled. When you log in to the shared account, you will need to open your authentication app on your device or your browser and enter the code displayed in that app. You are not sent the one-time passcode by text or push notification. To keep track of the various apps added to a shared account, you may want to use app nicknames that include the names of the people sharing the account and the apps they are using (e.g., John-DUO, JaneJ-Microsoft, JSmith-Google, JJones-Authy, JaneS-FreeOTP ). For instructions, see page 2, step 7 of the Multifactor Authentication – Authentication Applications learning aid. Resources Learning aids and videos: Multifactor Authentication (MFA) – Authentication Applications : describes the MFA enrollment process by adding an authentication application (app), as well as how to delete an authentication app Multifactor Authentication (MFA) – Backup Codes : describes the MFA enrollment process by getting backup codes, as well as how to delete backup codes Multifactor Authentication (MFA) – Logging In : describes the login process after enrolling in MFA, and what to do if you do not have access to your MFA method(s) All the videos can also be viewed by going to the PACER Multifactor Authentication Help playlist. Updated documentation: PACER Authentication API User Guide PACER User Manual PACER QA environment: To ensure scripts work, you can test them in the QA environment at https://qa-pacer.uscourts.gov/ . You must have a PACER account to use QA. To register for a PACER test account, visit https://qa-pacer.psc.uscourts.gov/pscof/registration.jsf . There is no charge for QA searches, so you may skip the credit card portion of the registration. Your QA account will be activated overnight. Please continue to check the PACER website for more updates and additional information on MFA. If you have any questions, please contact the PACER Service Center at pacer@psc.uscourts.gov or (800) 676-6856. The PACER Service Center hours of operation are Monday through Friday, 7 a.m. to 6 p.m. CT. Originally published on August 22, 2025.
